	EXTRA CREDIT:
			None Completed.	

	FILES:          sorter.c
			sorter.h
			main.c
			builder.c
			builder.h
			mergesort.c
	COMPILE:

			Use the provided make file.
			If you wish to compile by hand, please use the following commands
			-gcc main.c sorter.c builder.c -o sorter
	RUN:
			To run the program you can use any of the following.
			./sorter
			./sorter -x xxxx
			./sorter -x xxxx -y yyyy
			./sorter -x xxxx -y yyyy -z zzzz

			Accepted Values for x,y,z in any order
			-c SORTSTRING
				DEFAULT VALUE: First Column
			-d Input Directory to read for all files
				DEFAULT VALUE: Current Directory
			-o Output Directory for all files to be placed
				DEFAULT VALUE: Current Directory
	
			EXAMPLE:
				./sorter -d ./f1

			This command would find all .csv files in the directory ./f1 and below and
			output them to directory ./f1. It would sort on the default value of the first column.

	EXPECTATION/ASSUMPTIONS:
			TOTAL PROCESS COUNT:
				We count processes as follows.
				1 for the inital process being spawned
				1 for forking the inital directory
				1 for every directory found within or below given directory
				1 for every non-sorted .csv file found


	SUBMITTED BY:  	Kevin Slachta
			Nowshad Azimi
                	All code our own except where credited to others.

   	PURPOSE:
		Walks the entire given directory finding any csv files contained within and sorting them based on a specified column.

	OVERALL METHOD:
		The list of general tasks is:
			1. Fork whenever we find a directory
			
			2. After all directory are forked, fork on every found csv file
		
			3. In the fork for the csv follow the same process as before
				1a. Create a massive buffer of all input
				2a. Iterate through the buffer and save all data
			  	    data in an array of structs delimited by the commas
				3a. Pass the data to mergesort to sort on a
			           column in ascending order
				4a. Output the sorted csv file

	SOURCE FILES: 
		BUILDER.C:
			1. Accepts a buffer from SORTER.C and sorts it into the CSV struct for proper sorting by MERGESORT.c
			2. Output the sorted CSV struct from MERGESORT.C to a file defined as originalfilename-sorted-colname.csv
		SORTER.C:
			Has 3 main jobs.
				1. Open the file location given to it and place it in a massive buffer to be checked for edge cases
				2. Check that the csv has the column it was asked to sort on		
				3. Pass the buffer to BUILDER.C to be sorted into the CSV struct for sorting
		MAIN.C:
			1. Forks a new process every time a .csv file or directory is found based on the given directory
			2. Calls once loadAndSort in each fork from sorter.c for every csv file found

		MERGESORT.C:
			1. Accepts a unsorted CSV from BUILDER.C
			2. Sorts the CSV based on the column specificed and sends it back to BUILDER.C for output

   	ASSUMPTIONS:
		1. The program should sort in ascending order for any given properly defined csv file
		2. Leading and trailing whitespace is not used for comparing 2 values and is removed
		   in the output of the csv
		3. The special A character is not defined and therefor is ignored
		4. Any order of command line flags should be accepted.
		5. It will not error if you give it invalid flags.
		6. If no directory is specific it will use the current directory.
		7. If fork or wait fails it end the program, unable to recover.
		8. If you specify -c director_name, it will only sort any csv file that has the column head director_name, the rest will output a failure notice
		9. I DID NOT COUNT THE FIRST PROCESS AS A PROCESS FOR THE TOTAL PROCESS COUNT

	DESIGN DECISIONS:
		1. We immediately fork a process after the directory is confirmed since it is a directory and I must fork.
		2. We bubble up the amount of children each fork has until it reachs the first fork ever made.
			2a. By bubble up i mean that if processA has 3 children PA1, PA2, PA3 and PA1 has 2 children, PA1 will return 2 and processA would return 5 bubbling up
			    the value to the parent.

	DIFFICULTIES:
		1. I initially did not know the printf was a buffered command and I needed to flush the stdout before I forked or I would get repeating messages
		2. It took me a long time to even run my code, I was terrified of creating a fork bomb
		3. waitpid() took me a while to find out why it was erroring, waitpid will continue by default unless you specify it to wait until process is terminated

